not a good team when a great team win
very uh really proud to get out of
Jacksonville with the win like that and
a lot of affirmation
lawyers didn't have a tough week of
practice like we had and come out and
play it that helped that level one of
the finest coverage units that you know
I love to say things like I'm not sure
for it has done much better on as far as
certainly in our time as far as coverage
units and it's all relative who you're
going against the guy that we were kind
of cupped obviously talk about cup an
athlete the kick returner house is good
at kickoff we showed the whole team
every every kick off and made sure that
the whole team was aware of what was
done and we had four tackles inside the
20-yard line we down two punts inside of
ten and like I said that's that's what
won the game and no surprise that
defensive player of the game was aj
jones comment about aj jones is redshirt
freshman year played didn't play very
well got beat out didn't practice very
well had weight issues he would always
be too light and didn't work out at the
same he's a poster child for what hard
work and doing ever exactly the right
way and he's earned that right um
obviously great to be home the best
thing and only thing great about being
eight knows opportunity go 9 and 0 and
that's the message this week and our
players will respond way to excellent
day yesterday and and just look forward
to getting back on tuesday and get ready
to go so if you had a chance to look at
the spikes thing on the field and didn't
talk about of what's going on there yeah
I did don't condone net and I understand
what goes on a football but there's no
place for that now we are we're going to
suspend Brandon for the first half of
the Vanderbilt game I talk I spoke with
him that's not who he is you know that's
not who we are and you got caught up in
emotion and i love brandon spikes or our
team does and that's not we're going to
move on but though and we have our he
has our full support the quarterback
that got hurt just ran all over the team
they Georgia Tech I mean did a great job
running the ball had a couple long runs
and our guys had a lot of respect coach
Carter coach there and told us a little
bit about what kind of athlete he is and
what they think about them and there's
very high expectations on him so if he's
not playing you know the other
quarterback I don't think they'll change
once India tags coach strong more about
it but I think they're very similar type
athletes that are going to try to run
the ball on you
the size of the inside guys are in their
very sound on defense they're not going
to you know they're going to make you
for turn everything you get on the
number five a very good defensive back
did a good job against us last year just
a very sound football team and the
number one concern we have is is the
coverage units if we can tackle this a
lot of emphasis where put it in
yesterday already we have to cover kicks
like we did last week
you